- [Komatsu] That night our
private concert
rocked deep into the night.
We got complaints from the
neighbors
but that wasn't much of a
surprise.
("rose" by Anna Tsuchiya)
- I'm really sorry about the
noise.
- [Yamada] You better be.
Do you have any idea what time
it is?
- [Komatsu] Yes. I'm sorry.
- Kids nowadays have no respect.
- [Komatsu] We'll try to
be quieter from now on.
- [Yamada] Why do we always
have trouble with apartment 707?
It must be a curse.
- Now, now, miss Yamada.
Don't talk about that.
(suspenseful music)
- There was a murder in our
apartment?
- Mm-hm!
The tenant before us was killed.
- Who told you a story like
that?
- Miss Yamada!
- And who's that?
- I don't know, one of the
neighbors!
She was in a negligee,
hair all done up
and wearing lots of makeup.
Why makeup at night?
Maybe she's got a lover
who's younger than her.
- I couldn't care
less about Yamada.
- It's bugging me.
What kinda guy is he?
Gigolo?
- Whatever.
So you're saying that this
Yamada woman
told you the previous tenant
got murdered in our apartment?
- Well, no, she didn't
exactly say that,
but she did say they've
always had trouble
with 707 and it must be a curse.
So it's gotta be a murder.
What else can it be?
(Komatsu exclaiming)
- [Nana] God dammit, go to bed!
- Do you think I said
something to make her mad?
(Nobu laughs)
(Komatsu whines)
- But you know, the rent
for this place is so cheap.
You might be right.
I mean, I guess it
could have happened.
- You think so?
You really think
it was a murder?
What if there's a ghost?
I'm too scared to go to bed on
my own.
- Hey, if you want,
I'd be more than happy
to sleep with you, Nana.
- What?
No way!
I have a boyfriend.
I'm really flattered, but no!
- I was just kidding.
- Tell you what?
I'll go sleep in Nana's room.
That way you can sleep in my
bed, okay?
You must be exhausted
after your trip.
- You don't have to
give up your bed.
I can crash out here.
- (gasps) No, you can't do that.
Nobu, you have to sleep
in my room tonight
so that Nana won't have any
choice
but to let me sleep
in her room with her.
There's no way I can
sleep on my own tonight
and I can't sleep with you.
So you gotta help me out here.
- Well, I guess when you put it
like that.
It looks like I'm gonna be
sleeping in your room tonight,
whether Nana likes it or not.
- [Komatsu] Thank you!
- Wow, this bedroom's huge.
You got so much space.
- Yeah. We lucked out with this
place.
I gotta work in the morning.
So let me just grab some
clothes,
then I don't have to wake you
tomorrow.
- Ah, you work?
- Yep.
- Really?
So you gotta get up early
and we've kept you up all night?
- Oh, don't worry about me.
I don't have to leave
until around 10 o'clock.
So I'll get a chance to
sleep in a little bit.
Besides, I had so much fun
tonight.
I never had the chance to see a
live band
up close and personal before.
It was amazing.
You guys were totally awesome.
- You ain't seen nothin'.
Just wait till you see us with
some drums
and bass added to the mix.
When it's just the two of us,
you can't really call us a band.
I can't wait to find some other
members
so we can start playing real
gigs.
- You need to get a
couple more people, huh?
(sighs) I wish I knew how to
play the drums or something.
Oh, but I guess I could
play the tambourine.
- (laughs) Tambourine.
- You know, the kind they have
at karaoke.
Looks like a big ring.
I rock at that.
- Bet that means you got a
pretty good sense of rhythm.
- Pretty good?
- What I really want is
for Yasu to be our drummer.
No matter where I look,
it's gonna be pretty tough
to find someone as good as him.
- You mean Nana's friend Yasu?
I had no idea he was a drummer.
Why doesn't he just
move down here as well?
That would solve your problem.
- Hmph.
He won't come, he's a working
stiff now.
He also said he doesn't wanna
risk
trying to make a living playing
music.
- (laughs) What risk is that?
- The way he looks,
I think it's a bigger risk going
into a courtroom than it
is appearing on stage.
- (laughs) What about your bass
player?
- Huh?
- Who did you have on bass?
Where are they now?
Maybe they could come
to Tokyo with you.
- Well, that guy's in
another band now.
He was never officially
with us anyway.
- How come?
- Most of the time he played
in his own band back at home,
but he used to come and help us
out
by playing with us
when we had a gig.
- I didn't know musicians
did that kind of stuff.
- [Nobu] I guess Nana hasn't
really told you anything.
- About what?
- [Nobu] Like about the band and
stuff.
- Oh, no.
Nana doesn't like to talk
about herself too much.
But after hearing her sing
tonight
I think I understand where she's
coming
from a bit better now.
I guess the reason why she moved
to Tokyo was so she could make
it as a professional singer.
- Yeah.
That's always been her dream.
To be able to make a
living off her singing.
She was pretty well known back
at home.
Lots of crazy fans and stuff.
She needs to start singing here.
I just know Tokyo will
go wild for her.
- [Komatsu] Totally.
We need to get her out
there singing on stage.
First, we need to find some
new members for the band.
How hard can that be?
Then they can play live
and everyone will fall in
love with Nana's voice.
She'll probably even get picked
up by a major record label!
Hey Nana, are you asleep?
- Yes.
- (giggles) You're not asleep or
else
how could you answer my
question?
- I talk in my sleep.
- This is freaky.
My heart's beating so hard I
can't sleep.
- You still scared of the ghost?
You big baby?
- No, I'm not scared.
It's more like excitement about
something.
- Oh? Listen.
I hate to break it to you,
but I don't do it with girls,
okay?
- I don't mean that kind of
excitement.
- Would you just shut up
already?
If you can't get to sleep,
I'm gonna kick you out.
- Hey Nana, do you think you
might need
a tambourine player in the band?
- No.
- [Komatsu] I've never been so
psyched
about something in my life.
- Hm?
What the hell's this?
- Huh? Ah.
Shoji!
You're here just in time.
I was about to go to Jackson's.
Do you wanna come with me?
- Sure. What's up with this
flyer?
Did you do it?
It's totally your style.
I recognize the way you draw the
eyes.
- Yep. Don't they look like Nana
and Nobu?
- Hmm. Who's this Nobu?
She wants to sing
professionally?
Well, that's a tall order.
- I know, but I totally
think she should go for it.
- Well, that's great if she
thinks
she can actually make it,
but I'm not so sure success is
gonna come as easy as you think.
What if she doesn't make it?
- It's all cool.
I mean, everything's
been going right
ever since I decided
to move to Tokyo.
- I don't think this
is really about you.
- [Komatsu] Whatever.
Wanna go to karaoke
tonight with me and Nana?
You gotta hear her sing
and I'll be there playing the
tambourine.
- [Shoji] Sorry, I can't.
I gotta work late tonight.
- Not again.
Why are you always working so
much?
Your parents send you money,
don't they?
- The measly amount they send me
is
nowhere near enough to live on.
And once school starts,
I won't have as much time to
work.
So I gotta put in as
many hours as I can now
to save up some cash.
- You're spending it all
on your other girlfriend
Sachiko.
Designer bags, designer shoes.
- Yeah. She's got
expensive taste.
(Komatsu cries)
I'm joking, I'm joking.
You're the one who started
it all.
- Yeah, but when I moved all the
way
to Tokyo was to be with you.
And now I hardly ever see you.
You're always working day in,
day out.
I just wish you'd make some
time for me, that's all.
- Oh, come on.
Now you're being ridiculous.
I do make time for you.
It was you who bailed out early
on me
last time we were together.
Maybe you should try
to consider how I feel.
Why should I be the one
who has to work
around your schedule
all the time?
(sad piano music)
- [Koichi] Hey, I hate to
interrupt,
but your Jackson burger's ready.
- Koichi Sato.
- [Koichi] What?
- I need your help with
something.
My friends are looking for
new members for their band.
So I was wondering if
you could put this flyer
up in the restaurant for me.
- Nana, you can't do that.
He doesn't know those guys.
And the customers in this place
aren't gonna be interested
in a punk band.
- Why not?
- [Koichi] No, it's
cool with me.
Nana's as a regular customer.
- You'll put it up?
That's awesome.
If anyone shows any interest,
give them my cell phone
number, okay?
Gimme a pen and I'll
write it down for you.
- I gotta go to work now.
Oh.
I just remembered.
Did you text message
me last night?
- Huh?
- No biggie.
Guess it wasn't anything
important.
I must have fallen asleep
and didn't hear the phone beep.
Sorry.
- Did I text him last night?
What did I write?
(gasps)
Oh man, I suck.
I don't know why
I sent him that.
I've gotten used to
him spoiling me.
The worst is I don't
even remember sending it.
Shoji was probably feeling bad
because he didn't call me back.
That must have been why
he came to see me at work.
All I do is think about myself.
- [Flashback Komatsu]
But I just wish you'd
make some time for me,
that's all!
- Why am I such a selfish jerk?
Loser!
- [Flashback Shoji] Why
should I be the one who has
to work around your schedule
all the time?
- I know, I'll drop by his
work today
and I'll tell him I'm sorry.
- [Passerby] Excuse me.
- It'll be kind of fun to
see Shoji in his uniform.
I bet he looks really hot.
- [Passerby] Uh, hello?
- I'll wait until
he gets off work,
and then when we're back at his
place,
I'll rip that uniform off him
- [Passerby] Excuse me, miss?
- and then I'll make
it up to him.
A totally genius plan.
- [Passerby] Um.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
How can I help you?
- I was looking at the flyer
you've got in the window.
- Wow, so soon?
Oh my god, he's
a teenage hottie!
Sometimes life is too good.
- So I'm wondering...
- Sorry, Shoji.
I'm not gonna make it tonight.
I'll make it up to you some
other time.
- [Shoji] Hope you enjoy your
meal.
Oh, it's crazy busy in here
today.
This place is seriously
understaffed.
- Hey, Shoji.
You got a minute?
We got a new waitress starting
today.
Can you look after her,
show her around?
- About time.
Sure.
Whoa, and she's a babe.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm show Shoji Endo.
- I'm Sachiko Kawamura.
Nice to meet you too.
- Hm.
What was your name?
- Sachiko.
- Really?
Do you like designer
bags and shoes?
- Huh?
- Seriously, what the hell is
this for?
You don't have to put together
a resume just to join a band.
- Well, why not?
I thought you might wanna
know some background info
on him before you let
him try out for the band.
- What can a piece of paper
tell you about someone?
Absolutely nothing.
(Nobu exclaims)
- Nana, what are you doing?
- All I wanna know is how
desperate you are to play
and whether you can rock
the house when you do.
- You are too cool.
- I really hope you're
not making fun of me.
- No, no, I swear.
I'm totally serious.
Nana said you were cool,
but now that I've met you in
person
your even cooler than
she described.
- [Komatsu] I know, right?
Still, she didn't have
to burn your resume.
You could have burned the place
down
and that wouldn't have been so
cool.
(Nana sighs)
- You have got to let
me play with you guys.
- That depends if you're any
good.
Play something and let
me hear what you got.
- Okay!
- Hold on, pretty boy.
You can't play here.
If you do, miss Yamada,
our crazy neighbor's
gonna freak out on us.
- Oh, whatever.
He's just gonna slap a little
bass.
- No way.
Do you wanna get us kicked out?
If that happens, we're both
gonna be totally screwed.
And that's exactly what
the demon lord wants.
- Demon lord?
- Then go find us somewhere to
practice.
- Who, me?
- Hey, I know a rehearsal studio
nearby
that we could rent out really
cheap.
- Really? This kid could be
useful.
- I'll just give them a call
and see if they're open.
And after I've played for you,
I'd love to get a chance
to hear you guys play too.
Oh, hello.
- There's no way that kid's 18.
I'd put him at 16 tops.
Makes me wonder what
else he's lying about.
- Oh, so you did read his
resume before destroying it.
- Awesome. It's available.
- He's so cute.
- He better not still be in
grade school.
- Wow. I've never been in
a rehearsal studio before.
(Komatsu laughs)
- Let's start playing
and see what happens.
- [Komatsu] Huh?
But Shinichi doesn't
know any of your songs.
- You know how to read music or
what?
- Yeah, sure I do.
(instrument tuning)
- So, you ready?
- Yeah, let's do this.
- Hmph, okay.
One, two.
(rock music)
- [Komatsu] This is amazing.
So totally amazing.
- [Komatsu] It's like they
were born to play together.
Way to go, pretty boy.
Oh, thank god he can actually
play.
(bass solo)
(Nana gasps)
- [Komatsu] Now what?
- Huh?
- Ow!
- [Komatsu] Nana!
- Oh, man. Sorry guys.
Did I screw up or something?
- Nah, dude, not at all.
You're doing great.
Way better than we expected.
What do you say, Nana?
He's good, right?
Let's let him join.
- [Nana] So, it's Shinichi,
right?
- That's right.
- Tell me who your
favorite bass player is.
- Ren Honjo.
(Nana laughs sadly)
(Nobu sighs)
- Isn't that the guy
who plays with Trapnest?
- Yeah.
- This is cool.
They're one of my favorite
bands.
I'm even in their fan club.
Although I think Takumi is the
best.
- Wow. Really?
Even though I like Trapnest,
I mostly listen to them
because I'm a big fan of Ren's.
I played guitar for a long time
but when I heard him play,
I decided to switch to bass.
- [Komatsu] But Ren plays lead
guitar.
Takumi's on bass.
- [Shinichi] Didn't you
know? Ren plays the bass too.
And he totally rocks at it.
- [Komatsu] Really?
- Yeah, he played bass on
a sex pistols tribute album
that I used to listen
to all the time.
It totally kicks ass.
You should give it a listen.
- Wow. I never knew.
Guess I gotta do better
homework.
- So that's why you played like
Ren.
- Is that a problem?
I'm sorry.
I can play other styles if you
want.
- Nah, it's cool.
Your style of playing's easy
to sing with.
You wanna join the band?
- I'd love to.
You're an amazing singer
and I totally dig Nobu's
riffs on the guitar.
- [Nana] Before you say yes,
I want you to promise
me one thing.
And if you can't
promise to do it,
you have to split now.
Play better than Ren, all right?
(rock music)
- Yes, ma'am.
Your wish is my command.
- [Komatsu] Isn't this great?
I never expected us to
find someone this fast,
and he's so cute.
And who discovered him?
Who's the one who made it
happen?
- Our own little talent scout.
- What do you want me to do?
Bake you a cake?
(Komatsu gasps)
- How else can I thank you?
- Hey, don't throw that on the
ground.
Honestly.
- Thank you, Hachiko.
- I thought you said
you weren't into girls.
You can't just do that to me.
And besides, I have a boyfriend.
- What a drama queen.
It was just a kiss.
I mean, it's not
like she's a virgin.
- You never change, do you?
- Sorry, Shoji.
I just made out with
someone else,
but it was a girl
so it doesn't really count,
right?
- Huh?
(dog barking)
- Oh, man.
I hope she doesn't think
I'm a stalker.
Excuse me, miss Kawamura.
(Sachiko screams)
Calm down.
I won't hurt you.
- Oh, thank God it's
just you, Shoji.
Sorry, you freaked me out.
- You shouldn't be walking
down the street on your own.
It's not safe.
- But it's the quickest
way to the station.
And if I don't hurry,
I'm gonna miss the last train.
- Yeah. Same with me.
You wanna run for it together?
- Okay.
- I wonder if Sachiko
takes the same train as me.
(ringing)
- That was close.
We only just made it.
- Don't tell me you have the
same stop as me too, Sachiko.
- So which stop are you
getting off at, Shoji?
- Mine's the third one along.
And you, Sa- Miss Kawamura?
- The second.
- (sighs) Do you think you'll be
alright
walking home from the station on
your own?
- Yeah, my building's right
across the street from the
station.
- That's good.
So you'll be okay?
Huh?
- Thanks for the offer, Shoji.
That was very sweet of you.
Good night!
- She's such a cutie, that
Sachiko.
Not like virtual Sachiko.
This is bad.
I'd better stay away from her.
- Ah, that was so much fun!
- Stop taking all the covers.
It's cold.
- Listen, I don't want
you crossing this line
onto my side of the bed, okay?
- Who's bed is this anyways?
If you don't like it, sleep on
the floor.
- Hm.
- [Nana] Ooh.
- Come on!
Hey!
- Ooh, I'm over the line!
What are you gonna do about it,
huh?
(Nana and Komatsu laughing)
- [Komatsu] Looking back on it
now,
the way I felt about you, Nana,
felt a lot like falling in love.
Even though in many ways
I was still a child,
you helped me learn to fend
for myself in the real world.
With you, my life was full of
sweet dreams
and it felt like the pure
bliss of a first love.
("Wish/Starless Night"
by Olivia Lufkin)